hey what's up guys
today I'll show you a superhero film: "Black Widow"
spoiler ahead, watch out and take care
back in 1995, Natasha lived happily together
with her foster parents Dad and Mom, and foster younger sister
one night, Dad came home glumly, and urged the family to leave the city as soon as possible
Mom quickly led the two daughters to pack up and rushed out for departure
when all was ready, the family took Dad's car to a hidden gateway plane
as soon as they reach, they were surrounded by many police vehicles
Dad opened fire at the police and instructed the rest to take off the plane
despite many hindrances, they barely managed to escape
unfortunately, Mom was injured, but the wound was not fatal
following a bumpy landing in a Cuba military base
Dad submitted a set of confidential documents to his boss and resigned at the same time
in fact, Dad and Mom were Russian undercover spies sent to the United States for duty
adopting Natasha and Yelena is part of their plan
to masquerade themselves as harmless USA citizens
wrenched from Dad and Mom, Natasha and Yelena were enrolled by the Red Room
the Russian Agent Training Institute, where many other homeless girls are imprisoned
by years of cruel training and brainwashing, Natasha has become a trained killer
the almost invincible Natasha is an all-rounded agent
so fast in both her thoughts and movements that she never fails any given mission
however, Natasha has left the Red Room and joined the Avengers instead
since then, Natasha had to run away and hide from the killers
on the other hand, Yelena, Natasha's younger sister, is another perfect agent
she is tasked to take back a mysterious parcel from the target
at first, she is prepared to snipe directly from a distance to kill the targeted person
but the subject is alert enough to notice Yelena's presence and runs away
Yelena immediately goes for a melee combo with the opponent and stabs her hard in the chest
as the opponent collapses, succumbing to her wounds
Yelena prepares to give her another deadly stab
to her surprise, the lady takes out a little red bottle
and sprays on Yelena some special potent red dust, which's worse than hormone spray
once Yelena gets into contact with the synthetic gas
she comes to her senses and realizes that the target is a fellow agent from the Red Room
the dying agent entrusts the red dust to Yelena
and asks her to rescue more Black Widows trapped by the Red Room
so Yelena rebels against the Red Room
and finally escapes the thumb of the evil mastermind (Mastermind)
needless to say, she is being pursued by the Taskmaster, a robot soldier
on the other hand, Natasha stays in a safe house in Norway where a friend takes care of her
the friend brings her some groceries and some letters from the Budapest Safehouse
thinking the letters are irrelevant, Natasha leaves the Safehouse to throw them away
when she is crossing over a bridge, she is attacked by a missile bomb from the Taskmaster
the blast is no joke, and her car is totaled
Natasha survives the deadly blow and falls into a fierce fight with the Taskmaster
as the two wrestle intensely with each another
Natasha discovers that Taskmaster is here for a parcel she disposes of, rather than herself
the particular parcel is among the documents from the Budapest Safehouse
full of curiosity, Natasha grabs the parcel ahead of the Taskmaster
and dives into the river for escape
later, the parcel is found containing a number of Red Reagents
and a photo of Natasha and Yelena
knowing this parcel is from Yelena
Natasha travels to the Budapest Safehouse to meet her younger sister
however, their reunion involves a bone-cracking episode of hand-to-hand combat
that ends in a truce
after the two have rolled themselves like burritos
Natasha suspects that Yelena works for the Red Room,
but her worries soon vanish as Yelena tells her side of the story
it's revealed the Red Reagents are used to keep the brain immune to external manipulation
in fact, to maintain the Widows' absolute obedience
the Red Room uses certain mind-control drugs on them
and the Red Dust is the right antidote to the mind control spell
Yelena wants to take down the Red Room in collaboration with Avengers via Natasha
however, the Avengers have fallen apart since its third war
Natasha is shocked to learn that Mastermind is still alive, whom she thought she had killed
Yelena confirms that Mastermind and his daughter have survived the explosion
merely seconds later, the Black Widows break into the Budapest Safehouse
Natasha and Yelena hurry to escape only to find them surrounded by Widows at all sides
they flee to the rooftop, planning to jump over to another building
with the water pipe as a stepping stone
in the meantime, a Widow climbs up the pipe and loses her foothold
Natasha approaches the seriously injured Widow to check her health status
but she is already killed remotely by the Red Room
now Natasha is now fully convinced that Red Room is still active
later, the two sisters run to the street from the back exit
and flee the scene with a motorbike
the agents immediately spot them and chase after them by car
as Natasha's motorbike turns over
they grab a car to continue the fast and furious journey, rather than a hormone game
the Taskmaster then fires a missile to blow up their car
the car ends up in a subway station
Natasha and Yelena crawl out from the car and dash into the crowds
only when they enter the ventilation duct, they finally get rid of the Taskmaster
while staying safe, Yelena explains to Natasha
that the Taskmaster is Mastermind's latest invention
Taskmaster is a fast learner who can imitate the action and tactics of anyone
by now, Natasha is determined to destroy the Red Room and save all other Widows
as Red Room keeps moving around, even Yelena is not sure of its latest location
Natasha's friend supplies them with a plane and flies them to meet their Dad
who is an ex-soldier with supernatural power and an ex-member of the Red Room
he is the Red Guardian who owns a shield similar to that of the Captain of America
just that their rank is completely different
a few years ago, the once-mighty Guardian was locked up in prison at a snow mountain
speculating that Dad must know the Red Room's location, Natasha suggests meeting him
in order to free Dad from his shackles
the sisters send him a childhood toy with earpieces hidden in it
as soon as Dad sees the toy, he knows that the daughters are here to rescue him
he quickly puts on the earpiece to communicate with Natasha
following her instruction, Dad overcomes the jailers with his superpower and breaks away
at the same time, Natasha and Yelena's plane is approaching the prison
following an alarm throughout the prison, many security guards assemble
and start shooting at Dad and the helicopter
Natasha descends from the helicopter to tackle the guards
and wipes out a few like a breeze blowing away the smelly shit
Yelena fires a shot at the tower, which triggers a snow-slide
the snowdrift rushes down from the mountain like raging waves, enveloping the whole prison
at once, all the guards dash back to the prison for safety
Yelena quickly lets down the rappel of the aircraft
to pick up Natasha and Dad before the snow swallows them up
to their surprise, Dad doesn't know where the Red Room locates
but Natasha learns that their foster Mom is still working for the Red Room
as a research scientist in the suburb of Pittsburgh
in the faux-family that only lasts for three years, Yelena prefers Mom over Dad
so the trio set off to Pittsburgh
Natasha does not have many feelings for the foster family
as her sole focus now is to locate the Red Room
soon after, they find Mom
who is overwhelmed that Natasha and Yelena intend to mutilate the Mastermind's kingdom
Mastermind owns a chemical reagent that does the trick of mind control
he has widely applied it all over the world
showing that Mastermind's power is at its pinnacle now
with countless Black Widows at his disposal
Natasha and Yelena absolutely stand no chance to win
Mom cannot bear to see her foster daughters going down the way of death
so the meeting ends in a heavy mood
recalling the heart-warming memories during the three years when they were together
the four of them actually cherish the short reunion
however, out of her loyalty to the Red Room
Mom still reports to Mastermind about Natasha's visit
shortly after, a helicopter hovers over their residence
recognizing the troops are from the Red Room
Natasha, Yelena, and Dad get ready for a fierce fight
however, before Dad releases any of his superpowers
he is stunned by the anesthetic dart that comes right through the window
while Mom surprise attacks Natasha and Yelena and hands them over to the Taskmaster
Dad wakes up to find himself tied up, and Mom is navigating the plane upwards
it turns out the Red Room is built in the air, a place too mysterious to find
as Yelena is the only survivor among those who have taken the antidote
Mastermind decides to dissect her brain for research
in fact, the antidotes are created by some Widows, not the Mastermind
to remove any potential threat to his regime
Mastermind commands Mom to find out the mechanism of the antidote
he also instructs Mom to give a jab to Natasha, but she hesitates
Mastermind steps forward to touch her hair and is surprised to realize she is not Mom
but Natasha, who masks herself to pretend as Mom
it turns out that Mom is not aware of the Red Room's specific location
so they have come up with such a plan
Mom willingly helps out
because she loves her daughters and hates the Mastermind's evil acts
at the same time, Mom also removes her mask before Dad
as the structural designer of the base, Mom easily saves Dad out from prison
Yelena wakes up just before the medical staff is about to tranquilize her
she takes out the hidden knife and fights her way out
Mom directs Yelena to steal antidotes from the freezers and apply them to the Widows
Mom then brings Dad to the main control center
trying to bring the floating base down to the ground
back to Mastermind's office, Natasha tries to kill him, but neither her gun nor knife works
her weapon is repelled whenever they are placed close to Mastermind
Natasha is deeply shocked to discover that she has lost control over her own hands
it is due to the mind-control particles filling the atmosphere
as soon as she breathes in the air, she is unable to assassinate Mastermind
later, Mastermind shares with Natasha his kingdom blueprint through the control console
his agents control over all walks of life, be they government officials or ordinary civilians
the oil market and the stock market will collapse if he wishes it
he can easily wipe out one-quarter of the world's population through starvation
with just one word, he can deploy his agents to wage war to overthrow various governments
all the magic is done through the control console in his hand
Mastermind aspires to seize control of the Avengers through Natasha
once the Avengers come under his power, there will be no more hurdles ahead of him
Natasha laughs at his ambition and bangs her head against the table
seeing Mastermind puzzled
Natasha tells him she is already aware of the mind-control substance floating in the air
Mom tips off to her the way to free from Mastermind's control is to cut her taste nerve
right then, the alert Natasha grabs the control console from Mastermind and beats him up
Mom and Dad are proceeding to the control room, but the Taskmaster confronts them
Dad stays behind to deal with Taskmaster while Mom enters the control room alone
her intrusion causes the self-protective operation system to shut down
Mom has no choice but leaves the control room and ventures to the engine room instead
there, she damages an engine and forces the spaceship to land
which results in a huge explosion and setting off the alarm bells
in response to the emergency
the mind-controlled Black Widows are all heading to the Mastermind's office
getting ready to kill the intruders
so when Yelena finally comes to the base with the antidotes
she cannot find any Widows around
Dad and Taskmaster are having a white-hot battle
even though Dad is a powerful veteran, the Taskmaster gains an upper hand
at the critical moment, Mom shows up and manages to lock the Taskmaster inside the prison
on the other hand, the Widows arrive at the Mastermind's office to attack Natasha
Natasha seems to be winning at first
but soon, she is worn out as the opponents outnumber her
fortunately, Yelena's timely arrival ends Natasha's crisis
she ties the antidote to a bomb and makes it blast in the air
as such, all the Widows are awakened to avenge Mastermind, but he is nowhere to be found
Natasha copies all the agent data from Mastermind's computer
while the whole spaceship is breaking apart
Natasha rushes out of the base with the thumb drive, but she is stopped by the Taskmaster
she soon identifies the Taskmaster as Mastermind's daughter
years back, Natasha follows his daughter to the base to demolish it
Natasha thought that both Mastermind and his daughter have died of the explosion
by now, it is clear that Mastermind was not present during the bombing
Mastermind saves his daughter and transforms her into the Taskmaster, a robot soldier
having pity for the daughter's misfortune, Natasha releases her
however, the daughter losing all senses of herself only wants to defeat Natasha
all of a sudden, the place is blown up, and the two of them land in different places
Mom decides to leave the scene by plane, but a coming robot soldier surprises her
after a fierce fight, Dad manages to throw the robot soldier off the plane with his shield
however, the plane loses its balance and plunges drastically
on the other side, Yelena is sharp enough to spot Mastermind
before he boards a plane
in order to kill him, Yelena hops onto the helicopter and sets a bomb to blow it up
as the plane disintegrates, Yelena begins to fall from the sky
luckily, Natasha sees what happens and saves Yelena with her parachute
unexpectedly, Mastermind's daughter also survives the explosion
and lands in the same place as the sisters
Natasha takes a chance to apply the antidote to her
causing the daughter to regain her consciousness from the mind control
Natasha apologizes to her for the death of her father
in the final scene, the foster family all survive the disaster unscathed
and are ready for a family reunion
shortly after however, seeing the enemy convoy is rushing into the battlefield afar
Natasha urges her family to leave to rescue more black widows
while she's determined to stay behind for the coming challenge
this's Daniel CC movie channel, peace out